You can never escape Greg!
If a machine catches on fire, it might explode.
The factory must grow!
There are 15 tiers: from LV (32 EU/t) to MAX (2147483647 EU/t)
Join our Discord to talk with other players!
Join our GitHub to contribute and report bugs!
Read the quest book!
Visit r/feedthememes!
Sometimes it is better to flee than fight some mobs.
If a machines receives a higher voltage than it can handle, it will explode.
Always separate your low tier and high tier machinery or use transformers!
Gregification of the world!
Going one Voltage tier up, means having 4 times more EU/t.
Don't build multiblocks on chunk borders!
You cannot make a Nether Portal, you need to dig down.
Dig down to y-level 0 to reach the Beneath!
Don't forget to pray to Gregorius Techneticies every morning.
The Small Coal Boiler will release 4,000mB of steam when it gets full.
SUPERSYMMETRY is not for magic.
Check JEI for info on ore deposits.
SUPERSYMMETRY is a modpack by Zalgo.
Playing with friends is more fun.
Want more FPS? Try decreasing render distance.
Don't try any chemical reactions shown here in real life!
Allocate more than 6 GB of RAM, if you don't want to crash every ten minutes!
If you're playing with other people, make sure to invite them to your Questing Party!
Now with 69% more Grzegorz Techszyszczykiewicz!!!
Your ERF won't work if the muffler doesn't point to the sky.
Abandon all vanilla knowledge, ye who enter here!
Multiblocks can share walls.
An ERF needs 4 LV generators.
Lost your questbook? You can access it instantly by pressing the GRAVE key.
Recipes so realistic you'll get put on a watchlist!
Don't stick your head into the particle accelerator!
A chemist's dream!
Gregicality: now with more realistic particle physics!
You can extract Sulfur from Pyrite.
If it's too tedious, you're doing it wrong.
More Complexity, less Waiting!
With the power of Duct Tape, I solved all of your maintenance problems!
Using a Circuit Assembler will make circuits cheaper.
The Bending Machine makes plates more efficiently.
The Wiremill makes wires more efficiently.
Yes, beds are unlocked at EV.
Cables are lossy.
You need Cryogenic machinery if you want superconductors.
You can change InGame Info XML scale in ingame configs.
Use F9 to see chunk borders!
It's aluminIum, not aluminum!
Use JEI to see information about ore deposits.
Steam is hot! It will burn Wooden Fluid Pipes!
A machine draws electricity from its internal buffer first.
Loss on uninsulated cables is twice as big as on insulated ones.
Use the Traveler Backpack if you want an upgraded inventory.
You can bind the quests menu to a hotkey instead of using the book.
Make sure to have backups!
Industrial Renewal tanks can have up to 1,000,000mB of storage.
The Electrolyzer uses a voltage to break apart certain molecules.
Don't forget your daily offering to Flop!
Use the function 1-e^{-0.1x} to calculate SUSY's completion (x is in years).
Former federation soldiers, zombies, bandits and parasites will show you no mercy!
Smiley is your friend.
Use superconductors.
Make sure to claim your chunks to protect them against incidents.
You can craft AE2 items from scratch... in UHV.
You are going to need lots of ammunition to fight against dangerous mobs.
Glory to the Federation!
Do not cut off the water supply to large boilers!
Do not visit Saturn.
Skill issues will not be tolerated.
Let JEI lead the way for you!
Make sure to wear a mask in the Beneath to avoid suffocation!
SUPERSYMMETRY: the chemistry textbook!
Can you reach LV tier in real life?
Integrated circuits require Rubylith.
Make sure to use the better motor recipe in MV!
Doctors recommend eating one steel pipe per day.
Gregification is the left adjoint to the inclusion functor from GregTechs to mods.
Play with your friends, play against your friends!
You can win with the power of empirical evidence.
You can win with the power of hard work.
SUPERSYMMETRY: it is spreading.
You cannot stop it.
Don't forget to make acid-resistant pipes for acids!
Turrets make for a nice defense.
You are running out of time.
This modpack follows the laws of thermodynamics.
Make sure to upload logs when reporting bugs through mclo.gs!
STILL DOWNLOADING USING THE CURSEFORGE APP?? Use PrismLauncher or ATLauncher!
Don't use your launcher's update feature! Please redownload the modpack instead.
Try out Industrial Renewal building blocks to improve your base's look!
Beans on toast.
Those bandits seem pretty friendly, don't they?
IV tier - just a week away!
Canonically begins on April 1st, 2423.
Paint your pipes to aid in organization!
Use extenders and bridges to help reduce pipe spaghetti.
You'll need a pump or a conveyor to move both items and fluids from a singleblock.
SUPERSYMMETRY does (mostly) follow conservation of mass!
Thank you for playing SUPERSYMMETRY.
